cherry-pick-rose.md, before:

# This log file maintains a log of cherry-picking changes from official ROSE

March, 2020
81cee05b93cf1bdc879c9e893a5c7575e2d737d2
e074423bfbfcbbbf77f04f08db7d2279aa7c167d
5af9ce4cee3eb5fe92f3d533eabb48144aa4b000
ea6cbc3c31ad7bc4869675ea04f195869c6f81f1
6dbb6bc7df1929fb9b7227626d585f5a9d330cc8
aa417e2ca68c895abdb298861ee89bcd4dc8ecdc
3d97f315804202cf7ef77f3522eb9a374a498412
215e85f16d24007aaeb982efd03cc7728f644657
3b2556b5977f774798079c75e270123efc8aff21
c6e08a0c4e6485c34a36944b7fcffb420c9dc107
97a5d2516734647b7c06ef836aa5165e96e505d1
41da7fd8d19c81ef15fec97731048a08af1f6466
49a6ee8420879d5c3d1811f6a18cd30ac05f4550
563f01fef551d5cf17f35325466eb97f8e9fb1ed
28055ff2a375f05110dc1c06e095359a61447e72
d929f2fe21cacec9795f3bdcf3cb89453e4d3446
9f7d0aba1c27f8e4f5fcfee5ed5378be223f6a2e
f6a7d46b8bce8c0be2ba64dd53bb78bb547557da
e22a65bcd99ed412a9f5d30e10962485076975e5
76d8d6b273485be1031d9d91646ac2d311dc52a9
32559eddef87e4164b0fb36eb2acc9f439b7c1c0
b91a986ea236e67c75258135564dcf0f495b9879
62369d7266aa09f1383d0d0a79c74d50aaeb0e34
03e947b2e2fe901a6edc43386a64d5df1288e0ef
90a7a14815390328ac59d4a2643a7d41b2a254bf
82f652a481a15029764ef38faeea35be449d409c  //partially
5c86ecfe63d342080870697eca47cac27cf69f27
87b94aacaa854b121260684fb04ecb47375c3fcf
004be60c765a2a6c2c0a2fe11f575cdeb07d8ebc  //Jovial and has some fortran fix
b24856b0181de5985a1130b381f8cba77b517020
e27de829acccb6e2fde365da6ec2fed127452b3f
863f95c24a61914905fc0162071393e444e25014  //include changes of other files such as binary and projects
38401a85f3d7b2a56aa8d5b07d0d90b6ef942b73
9f440cc7fed192302cacd7eb23b939701d23fcd1
39926005cc3663a30696e8800814a9767f5a268d
ab632406089045069ad600697463127fbc55494d
7303fb3d50a4f3b44853a65e2533f57757c16487
ba46ae0134c8b8fd95d35bf6d89f1e0d519582ec
1372e5865f314959675b4324009e62679db3b495
501762846024346e77051323718b6209a6542ccc

Feb, 2020
5bf4676728c4a84db382ef51716fb467934031d7   //only need those that remove C++11 creeping (nullptr, std:stof). 
71063704e5284757fa94e9c99ff2750aaa6eb4e0
75bb89b96305ed34cbcef410a0bc071c886033df
15864ce35dfa5339d295faf10dc7b73cd8d9d560   //only need the sageBuilder.C changes
5c4ba4e0a2b6d7ea638b2631585692711c8b0485
f56229bdba22f0086ca359c00038b3757ca543f5
7e513510250b35b9b3bcc6ee40e190d8ffb6650e
f69c3c245c9c01173d5eb2c072cf4785e0c31c1a
e9821730d9b3fb8bea79892cb0df873c68993658   //partially, need to do manually
dd87b999865528914924d38bed9547b50290471c
db0177c483ec26d8bb0369e974a4ebbe8434c477
0cc096b10a6ca5a87ef4ad3d088f83578185ef99
c488a09d857250db732606030e36358913573061
84834940c5820b0630dbc35c5232976fbdcf9c35
93d01d1721a60623c94f335ff4b10125f46a8aab


//already picked
fa6a1a2a450a6c8ae727afb8199b74b141760865
666213a3653e2033ec8716b487a63d550d0e967c
9349ad15a61f35ae9b422ee63030dd1f327cc9ff
009217aa9691975a34c063c7f07debf8351eee60
3292cddf80ef785fe3f565dba4aae54ebd36e5fe
1dabd2f203020f00b98493992876d023af120c22
d04f500e17157681a4feae775f08fcd5ac9e553b
ed29eb27d0ff11da1e44f3892c28a3923d05c5e7
de1986b9b310413ee0b7c0a019d75aa0b20722fa
0433c6722d9c322989624ec1acacd307b1d02d0f
5a3552dc1b2e7e759a35d62eb6d783b433291b23
56c32ec87393721247a4475b27713e360489f8a4
dcda1c707fd2076507ab181ad4d8d1a57b166cca
8995842c98c626a57eae5567bf63d927cb84538c
06389dfcc90697a7b39c165c2d2cb0d6bd4e9615
2e1371f76dfc286c1a03d7af72f819e1e0bc9630
60bc7ce3ab019eb3adf6af1147ec279c5f3dc5af
386063b545a0c454c598415efbca30898f750def
8c87584f54b7244c0721bcef48569910a685a651
9248b191984ab6e9df371f1c0554f1e24bd6d23b
4825ca8f865e81f1da92cd761f390da17231bc61
6c2d5d8660b464b593dd55367fe219d94e8f1151
da194ae21447994d7c7fda707f9e0e8528d5e2c7

* Next cherry-pick log
* 2020 Feb 3rd: Starting from ROSE https://github.com/rose-compiler/rose/commit/ad53c8971b58cdb4c4cf01bf50432dd883a0f740 commit
and merge in changes for trimming ROSE to only support C/C++ and Fortran.

Commit message:

Update cherry-pick-rose.md log file to conclude cherry-pick of Feb2020 commits

cherry-pick-rose.md, after:

# This log file maintains a log of cherry-picking changes from official ROSE

March, 2020
81cee05b93cf1bdc879c9e893a5c7575e2d737d2
e074423bfbfcbbbf77f04f08db7d2279aa7c167d
5af9ce4cee3eb5fe92f3d533eabb48144aa4b000
ea6cbc3c31ad7bc4869675ea04f195869c6f81f1
6dbb6bc7df1929fb9b7227626d585f5a9d330cc8
aa417e2ca68c895abdb298861ee89bcd4dc8ecdc
3d97f315804202cf7ef77f3522eb9a374a498412
215e85f16d24007aaeb982efd03cc7728f644657
3b2556b5977f774798079c75e270123efc8aff21
c6e08a0c4e6485c34a36944b7fcffb420c9dc107
97a5d2516734647b7c06ef836aa5165e96e505d1
41da7fd8d19c81ef15fec97731048a08af1f6466
49a6ee8420879d5c3d1811f6a18cd30ac05f4550
563f01fef551d5cf17f35325466eb97f8e9fb1ed
28055ff2a375f05110dc1c06e095359a61447e72
d929f2fe21cacec9795f3bdcf3cb89453e4d3446
9f7d0aba1c27f8e4f5fcfee5ed5378be223f6a2e
f6a7d46b8bce8c0be2ba64dd53bb78bb547557da
e22a65bcd99ed412a9f5d30e10962485076975e5
76d8d6b273485be1031d9d91646ac2d311dc52a9
32559eddef87e4164b0fb36eb2acc9f439b7c1c0
b91a986ea236e67c75258135564dcf0f495b9879
62369d7266aa09f1383d0d0a79c74d50aaeb0e34
03e947b2e2fe901a6edc43386a64d5df1288e0ef
90a7a14815390328ac59d4a2643a7d41b2a254bf
82f652a481a15029764ef38faeea35be449d409c  //partially
5c86ecfe63d342080870697eca47cac27cf69f27
87b94aacaa854b121260684fb04ecb47375c3fcf
004be60c765a2a6c2c0a2fe11f575cdeb07d8ebc  //Jovial and has some fortran fix
b24856b0181de5985a1130b381f8cba77b517020
e27de829acccb6e2fde365da6ec2fed127452b3f
863f95c24a61914905fc0162071393e444e25014  //include changes of other files such as binary and projects
38401a85f3d7b2a56aa8d5b07d0d90b6ef942b73
9f440cc7fed192302cacd7eb23b939701d23fcd1
39926005cc3663a30696e8800814a9767f5a268d
ab632406089045069ad600697463127fbc55494d
7303fb3d50a4f3b44853a65e2533f57757c16487
ba46ae0134c8b8fd95d35bf6d89f1e0d519582ec
1372e5865f314959675b4324009e62679db3b495
501762846024346e77051323718b6209a6542ccc


ROSE's commits on Feb, 2020 that are cherry-picked by Oct 25, 2020. 
71063704e5284757fa94e9c99ff2750aaa6eb4e0
75bb89b96305ed34cbcef410a0bc071c886033df
15864ce35dfa5339d295faf10dc7b73cd8d9d560   //only need the sageBuilder.C changes
5c4ba4e0a2b6d7ea638b2631585692711c8b0485
f56229bdba22f0086ca359c00038b3757ca543f5
7e513510250b35b9b3bcc6ee40e190d8ffb6650e
f69c3c245c9c01173d5eb2c072cf4785e0c31c1a
e9821730d9b3fb8bea79892cb0df873c68993658   //partially, need to do manually
dd87b999865528914924d38bed9547b50290471c
db0177c483ec26d8bb0369e974a4ebbe8434c477
0cc096b10a6ca5a87ef4ad3d088f83578185ef99
c488a09d857250db732606030e36358913573061
84834940c5820b0630dbc35c5232976fbdcf9c35
93d01d1721a60623c94f335ff4b10125f46a8aab
fa6a1a2a450a6c8ae727afb8199b74b141760865
666213a3653e2033ec8716b487a63d550d0e967c
9349ad15a61f35ae9b422ee63030dd1f327cc9ff
009217aa9691975a34c063c7f07debf8351eee60
3292cddf80ef785fe3f565dba4aae54ebd36e5fe
1dabd2f203020f00b98493992876d023af120c22
d04f500e17157681a4feae775f08fcd5ac9e553b
ed29eb27d0ff11da1e44f3892c28a3923d05c5e7
de1986b9b310413ee0b7c0a019d75aa0b20722fa
0433c6722d9c322989624ec1acacd307b1d02d0f
5a3552dc1b2e7e759a35d62eb6d783b433291b23
56c32ec87393721247a4475b27713e360489f8a4
dcda1c707fd2076507ab181ad4d8d1a57b166cca
8995842c98c626a57eae5567bf63d927cb84538c
06389dfcc90697a7b39c165c2d2cb0d6bd4e9615
2e1371f76dfc286c1a03d7af72f819e1e0bc9630
60bc7ce3ab019eb3adf6af1147ec279c5f3dc5af
386063b545a0c454c598415efbca30898f750def
8c87584f54b7244c0721bcef48569910a685a651
9248b191984ab6e9df371f1c0554f1e24bd6d23b
4825ca8f865e81f1da92cd761f390da17231bc61
6c2d5d8660b464b593dd55367fe219d94e8f1151
da194ae21447994d7c7fda707f9e0e8528d5e2c7

The REX developed starts from the https://github.com/rose-compiler/rose/commit/ad53c8971b58cdb4c4cf01bf50432dd883a0f740 commit which is on Feb 3, 2020. 
and merge in changes for trimming ROSE to only support C/C++ and Fortran.
